# Homework2
For this assignment we are going to design a system called GreenBox to check out entertainment media to customers via a kioskFor this we will need the following entities, plus collections for each of theentities: Customer, Movie, LoanThe data for a Customer will contain at least the following:Customer Id (6 digits)Credit Card Number (12 digits)Customer Name (up to 40 characters)Credit Card Expiration Date (mm/dd/yyyy)Credit Card Validation Key (3 digits)Number of movies active (max = 2)You may add other data needed for your implementation as well as you will need accessor and mutator functions for the data.The data for a Movie will contain at least:Movie ID (6 digits – each movie is unique even if multiple copies exist)Title (up to 40 characters)Release date (mm/yyyy)Rating (up t0 20 characters)Duration (hh:mm)Rental Cost ($dd.cc)Replacement Cost ($dd.cc)You may add other data needed for your implementation as well as you will need accessor and mutator functions for the data.The data for a Loan (The transaction entity) will contain at leastthe following:Loan ID (8 digit value can be auto assigned)Movie IDCustomer IDDue Date Due TimeStatus (Out, In, Overdue, Lost)You may add other data needed for your implementation as well as you will need accessor and mutator functions for the data.For the collections of each of the 3 Entity Classes identified above youwill need to include the ability to:AddEditDeleteSearch/Find based on appropriate criteriaPrint a list of all entries in the specific collectionPrint the details for a single entity (do a find first)Print a list of all Loans for a particular MoviePrint a list of all Loans for a Particular CustomerPrint a list of all Active (future and current) Loans, all completed Loans and all Overdue or lost Loansfor the Loans collection when you add a Loan you will need to verify thata. the movie is availableb. the Customer does not have overdue movies still out or lostc. The Customer does not have more than 2 movies checked out but not overdued. The Customers charge card accepted the chargesYou will need to provide a mechanism to report lost movies and charge customer the replacement cost. Overdue movies are charged a $1.oo per dat late fee. The standard loan period is 24 hoursYou will need to provide an appropriate menu system that can be multi-levelif you like.You will need to load and store the data to a permanent disk file. This can be done automatically when the program starts and ends. You should also want to store after an add, delete or edit to make sure changes to the data are preserved.For this design you will need to turn in the following:A diagram set consisting of:1.  A title page with your name, assignment, course and title 2.  a single class diagram showing only the relationships between the entities3.  a set of six individual class diagrams showing the attributes and methods for each of the classes in #24.  Step by Step pseudo code algorithms for every method defined in every class inthe diagram from #2. You do not need to provide pseudo code for simple accessor and mutator functions (i.e. sets and gets)5.  A 1-2 paragraph report about your design experience. All of these items should be gathered together, in order, in a single PDFFile that you will turn in on Canvas for the design, and a separate PDF for the report. That is a total of 2 documents.NOTE: This assignment is for the design onlyNothing you turn in should look like C/C++ code
